docs: expand CEL HTTP library to include example for CA (#2086)
kyverno/website: src/content/docs/docs/policy-types/cel-libraries.mdx

        'External POST call did not return the expected response ' + string(variables.response.received)
```

> If the HTTPS endpoint uses a certificate signed by a private CA (for example, an internal cluster service), Kyverno's default trust store won't validate it. Use `http.Client(caBundle)` to pass in a trusted CA bundle, then call `Get` or `Post` on the result. The bundle is a PEM string containing one or more `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` blocks. An empty string means "use the system trust store". The same format is accepted by [`apiCall.service.caBundle`](/docs/policy-types/cluster-policy/external-data-sources#variables-from-service-calls) in `ClusterPolicy` context entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an HTTPS endpoint uses a certificate signed by a private CA, use `http.Client(caBundle)` to create a client that trusts the supplied CA certificates, then call `Get` or `Post` on the result.

The bundle must be a PEM string containing one or more `-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----` blocks. A non-empty bundle replaces the system root pool for that client, so it must include every CA required by the target endpoint. An empty string uses Kyverno's default HTTP client and system trust store.

The same PEM format is accepted by [`apiCall.service.caBundle`](/docs/policy-types/cluster-policy/external-data-sources#variables-from-service-calls) in `ClusterPolicy` context entries.
```

The following sample reads the CA bundle from a ConfigMap in the same namespace as the incoming Pod and uses it to call an internal HTTPS service. Kyverno's ServiceAccount must have permission to `get` ConfigMaps in the referenced namespace.

```yaml
apiVersion: policies.kyverno.io/v1
kind: ValidatingPolicy
metadata:
  name: vpol-http-get-with-ca
spec:
  validationActions:
    - Deny
  matchConstraints:
    resourceRules:
      - apiGroups: ['']
        apiVersions: [v1]
        operations: [CREATE, UPDATE]
        resources: [pods]
  variables:
    - name: caBundle
      expression: >-
        resource.Get("v1", "configmaps", object.metadata.namespace, "internal-ca").data["ca.crt"]
    - name: externalData
      expression: >-
        http.Client(variables.caBundle).Get("https://internal.api.svc.cluster.local/data")
  validations:
    - expression: >-
        variables.externalData.metadata.labels.app == object.metadata.labels.app
      messageExpression: >-
        'label mismatch, expected ' + string(variables.externalData.metadata.labels.app)
```

:::note[Security Note]

> Kyverno's HTTP hardening controls for CEL HTTP calls (`http.get()`/`http.post()`) are configured with `--httpBlocklist`/`--httpAllowlist` and `--allowHTTPInNamespacedPolicies`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note[Security Note]
Kyverno's HTTP hardening controls apply to `http.Get()`, `http.Post()`, and requests made through `http.Client(caBundle)`.

- `--httpBlocklist` blocks configured CIDRs and hostnames.
- `--httpAllowlist` restricts requests to configured URL prefixes.
- Cluster-scoped policies are subject to the configured blocklist and allowlist.
- CEL HTTP calls in namespaced policies are disabled by default. Enable them with `--allowHTTPInNamespacedPolicies` only when appropriate network and URL restrictions are in place.

See [Configuring Kyverno](/docs/installation/customization#http-calls) for details.
:::
```
